# Meeting Minutes ~ 042121-internal-meeting
## I. Meeting Information
**Meeting Purpose:** Brainstorming Meeting Part 1 (*Also for Canvas Assingment*)
**Meeting Date/Time:** April 21th, 2021, 4:00pm - 4:45pm
**Timezone:** Pacific Standard Time (UTC−07:00)
**Meeting Location:** Virtually through Zoom (Link: https://ucsd.zoom.us/j/98413787650)
**Note Taker:** Edward Yang + Alan Wang

## II. Attendees
People who attended the meeting:
- [x] Edmund Leibert III (*Team Lead*)
- [x] Edward Yang (*Team Lead*)
- [x] Alan Wang
- [x] Daisuke Chon (*Temporary Team Lead*)
- [x] Kenny Chan
- [x] Etienne Robin
- [x] Elisa Brooks
- [x] Evan Martinez

## III. Agenda Items

Item | Description
---- | ----
BuJo Overview | • Discuss high level what makes a BuJo and what the MVP for one entails<br>
Task Assignment | • Edward - notetaking w/ otter <br> • Etienne- Head of research
 <br> • Alan - Research + help with notes  <br> • Daisuke- Project Pitch <br>• Kenny- Research  <br> • Edmund- chill this week  <br>
Action Items for next time | • Each person comes up with at least one user story by next meeting
 <br> • Each person comes up with a wireframe
 <br>
• Each person comes up with a feature  (1 to 2 minute speech on why you think your feature is needed
) (Bonus if you have a roadmap on how this feature could be implemented )
 <br>
• Next sunday meeting will be 2 hours and have all tasks completed by sunday
 <br>

## IV. Discussion Items

**New Items**
Topic | Who  | Notes |
---------- | ---- | ----- |
MVP for BuJo
 | Everyone | • Planner features  <br>
 • Grid you can customize/ input stuff on <br>
 • Different types of bullets  <br>
 • CRUD(create dates, add or remove bullets, migration capability) <br>
 Other features | Everyone | • Audio/ videos  <br> • Handwriting/ typing functionality <br>

**Old Items**
Topic | Who  | Notes |
----- | ---- | ----- |
N/A  | N/A  | N/A |


## V. Action Items
| Done? | Item | Responsible  | Due Date  | Description  |
| ----- | ---- | ------------ | --------- | --------- |
|    | 4/16 Assignments | Everyone          | 4-16-2021  | All tasks due on that date |

## VI. Other Notes & Information
- If we finish all this we can start working on the basic HTML for our page
- Important question: User experience or easier development? Need to consider for later

###### Future discussion items...
- Git conventions for next meeting
- Designate roles for team members
