# Meeting Minutes ~ 042821-meetingTA
## I. Meeting Information
**Meeting Purpose:** Weekly Meeting with TA  
**Meeting Date/Time:** May 5th, 2021, 3:00pm - 3:45pm  
**Timezone:** Pacific Standard Time (UTC−07:00)  
**Meeting Location:** Virtually through Zoom (Link: https://ucsd.zoom.us/j/98413787650)  
**Note Taker:** Edward Yang/Alan Wang  

## II. Attendees
People who attended the meeting:
- [x] Edmund Leibert III (*Team Lead*)
- [x] Edward Yang (*Team Lead*)
- [x] Alan Wang
- [x] Daisuke Chon (*Temporary Team Lead*)
- [x] Kenny Chan
- [x] Etienne Robin
- [x] Elisa Brooks
- [x] Evan Martinez

## III. Agenda Items

Item | Description
---- | ----
Updates from team| • What has everyone done since last meeting? <br>
Action Items for next time | • What do we need to get done before next meeting?<br>
Task Assignment | • Who should complete each task? <br>

## IV. Discussion Items

**New Items**
Topic | Who  | Notes |
---------- | ---- | ----- |
CI/ CD pipeline| Alan | went through proposed pipeline which looks good
Login | Edmund | said it was a nogo but Kenny thinks that it should still be viable
CRUD | Everyone | CRUD actions on bullets, export log of journal/ upload log of journal
Backend | Edmund | mongoDB backend to make things easier
To- do list| Everyone | Nondate items
Frontend | Evan/ Daisuka/ Etienne | need to discuss spec/ implementation <br> • How to organize tasks? <br> • How to list elements (global id)? <br> • How should subbullets work? <br> • How many tags can an element have <br> • Should different types of elements have the same tag? <br> • Issues all resolved <br>
Calender view| Kenny/ Elisa | decided to use FullCalender API for calender view stuff
Action items/Task assignment| Everyone | see action items section |

**Old Items**
Topic | Who  | Notes |
----- | ---- | ----- |

## V. Action Items
| Done? | Item | Responsible  | Due Date  | Description  |
| ----- | ---- | ------------ | --------- | --------- |
|    | Login | Kenny | 5-12-2021  | Look into the login feature more (should be feasible?)|
|    | Develop CRUD | Evan/Daisuke/Etienne | 5-12-2021  | Do exploratory programming for CRUD bullet|
|    | Meet with TA | Evan | 5-9-2021  | Talk with Sanat about backend diagram |
|    | Setup CI/CD pipeline| Alan/Edward | 5-10-2021  | Setup CI/CD pipeline so we can develop/canvas assignment |
|    | Create ADR Doc | Daisuke | 5-10-2021  | Create ADR Doc to record our architectural decisions/Canvas assignment|

## VI. Other Notes & Information
- Miro board link: https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_lHlYETY=/
- Figma link for wireframes/personas:
https://www.figma.com/team_invite/redeem/wfViANN8A0ARciKhU77zxS
- Positions are tentative, can switch around if necessary, we get tired
- Start moving everything to repo

###### Future discussion items...
- Subbullets and other spec/ implementation details
