# Meeting Minutes ~ 051221-meeting
## I. Meeting Information
**Meeting Purpose:** Weekly Group meeting
**Meeting Date/Time:** May 12th, 2021, 4:00pm - 5:20pm  
**Timezone:** Pacific Standard Time (UTC−07:00)  
**Meeting Location:** Virtually through Zoom (Link: https://ucsd.zoom.us/j/98413787650)  
**Note Taker:** Edward Yang/Alan Wang  

## II. Attendees
People who attended the meeting:
- [ ] Edmund Leibert III (*Team Lead*)
- [x] Edward Yang (*Team Lead*)
- [x] Alan Wang
- [x] Daisuke Chon (*Temporary Team Lead*)
- [x] Kenny Chan
- [x] Etienne Robin
- [x] Elisa Brooks
- [x] Evan Martinez

## III. Agenda Items

Item | Description
---- | ----
Go over TA meeting| • What did we discuss with TA? <br>
Updates from team| • What has everyone done since last meeting? <br>
Group Policies| • What should we change as a result of what we learned?<br>
Action Items for next time | • What do we need to get done before next meeting?<br>
Task Assignment | • Who should complete each task? <br>

## IV. Discussion Items

**New Items**
Topic | Who  | Notes |
---------- | ---- | ----- |
Go over TA meeting| Everyone | • Kenny needs to talk to Sanat about full calendar<br> • Evan still needs to meet with Sanat about backend<br> • We need to figure out backend/login <br> • We have problems with commmunication/issue backlog<br> • Should use a staging branch for test<br>
Group Policies | Everyone| • Need to start using Github issues<br> • Need to update pipeline with staging branch for test<br> • Need to organize source folder<br>
Updates from team | Everyone | • Evan shows backend API he's been working on, CRUD bullet, everyone agrees to use it<br> • Should be able to use FullCalendar API - will need to figure this out and talk to Sanat • Kenny says we can do login with mongoDB<br> 
Action items/Task assignment| Everyone | see action items section |

**Old Items**
Topic | Who  | Notes |
----- | ---- | ----- |

## V. Action Items
| Done? | Item | Responsible  | Due Date  | Description  |
| ----- | ---- | ------------ | --------- | --------- |
|    | Integrate apiStub.js with mongoDB (backend)| Kenny, Evan | 5-16-2021  | • Come to an agreement on how Evan's API can be integrated with mongoDB in the backend, then implement<br> • Have agreement done by this sunday(5-16)<br> • Have implementation done by next sunday(5-23) |
|    | Meet with TA about fullcalendar| Frontend + Kenny | 5-16-2021  |  • Investigate how we plan to use full calendar<br> • Meet with TA to discuss our plans for fullcalendar so he can make sure it's ok |
|    | Meet with TA about backend | Evan/Daisuke| 5-16-2021  | Meet with TA to discuss virtualization/data layer in further depth, he needs more information |
|    | Frontend work | Etienne/Daisuke | 5-16-2021  | • Merge Daisuke's and Evan's code together<br> • Work on frontend html/js for demo |
|    | Design/styling | Elisa | 5-16-2021  | • Style demo/main page, login page<br> • Can move on to other pages if you have time <br> • Can use native css or Bootstrap |
|    | Update CI/CD pipeline| Alan/Edward | 5-16-2021  | • Add staging branch for testing to pipeline<br>|
|    | Decide on file structure| Alan/Edward | 5-16-2021  | • Meet to decide on file structure for storing project files, now that we're starting to dev|
|    | Help with development | Alan/Edward | 5-16-2021  | • Assist development team with anything they need help with |
|    | Get Demo ready | Everyone| 5-17-2021  | Get something we can demo done before next week's discussion |
|    | Finish MVP | Everyone | 5-24-2021  | Finish the MVP of our BuJo by end of next week |

## VI. Other Notes & Information
- Miro board link: https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_lHlYETY=/
- Figma link for wireframes/personas:
https://www.figma.com/team_invite/redeem/wfViANN8A0ARciKhU77zxS
- Edmund's been MIA for the last few days, no one has heard from him

###### Future discussion items...
- Team status video
- Sprint review meeting/retro