# Meeting Minutes ~ 051221-meetingTA
## I. Meeting Information
**Meeting Purpose:** Weekly Meeting with TA  
**Meeting Date/Time:** May 12th, 2021, 3:00pm - 3:45pm  
**Timezone:** Pacific Standard Time (UTC−07:00)  
**Meeting Location:** Virtually through Zoom (Link: https://ucsd.zoom.us/j/98413787650)  
**Note Taker:** Edward Yang/Alan Wang  

## II. Attendees
People who attended the meeting:
- [ ] Edmund Leibert III (*Team Lead*)
- [x] Edward Yang (*Team Lead*)
- [x] Alan Wang
- [x] Daisuke Chon (*Temporary Team Lead*)
- [ ] Kenny Chan
- [ ] Etienne Robin
- [ ] Elisa Brooks
- [ ] Evan Martinez

## III. Agenda Items

Item | Description
---- | ----
Updates | • Give TA update on progress so far
Action Items for next time | • Kenny - Talk to Sanat about full calendar <br>• Evan - meet with Sanat about backend <br>• Frontend - work on demo/MVP


## IV. Discussion Items

**New Items**
Topic | Who  | Notes |
---------- | ---- | ----- |
Update TA on progress| Everyone | • Discussed CI/CD pipeline<br> • Need to start moving user story/issue backlog to Github issues<br> • Different from Gantt chart, breakdown of what individual people need to do<br> • Create issues on Github and assign them to specific people<br>
Advice - using full calendar | TA | • Can use API but can’t lift their code into our repo<br> • Ok to use snippets of someone else’s frontend code, but not all of it<br> • Sanat needs to make sure that its ok
Advice - communication| TA | • Other teams are breaking away from overall teams because they communicate better<br> • They communicate with TA more, know more, can communicate with their team members<br> • Should have meeting and iron out backend tasks, assign to people<br> • Restructure and reorganize team depending on what each week calls for <br>
Advice - Login feature| TA | • Login feature can be done, doesn't have to be a nogo<br> • Depends on how simple/complicated you make it<br> • Experiment with firebase auth/etc<br>
Advice - next sprint| TA | • Get backend tasks/roles <br> • Assign tasks/roles to people clearly<br>
Advice - Testing| TA |Traditionally developers themselves write unit tests<br> • If someone codes a function -> expected to know how to test it<br> • Testing team focuses on higher level<br>In our case, we should have each developer write 1 test case on their own, not testing any DOM related stuff<br>2 test categories:<br> • Not testing DOM level (function return values)<br> • Testing DOM level(button click, drag and drop)<br> Testers can do DOM level stuff<br> • Have a branch before main where developer unit tests, end-to-end testing, manual testing(actual staging branch?)<br> • Do end-to-end, manual testing on stable branch(main or this stable branch)<br>Will later do end-to-end testing<br> • Testing interaction between components<br> • Test behavior being generated by components<br> Manual testing - someone going through website and checking what works<br> 
Advice - Overall| TA | • Frontend looks fine for now<br> • Backend needs work, need to figure out quickly<br> • Login should be important to dump bullets with user context if we’re using a db<br> • If not, then we could just use local<br> • Record decision in ADR<br> • Anything we use in labs are expected to be in our project<br>


**Old Items**
Topic | Who  | Notes |
----- | ---- | ----- |
N/A  | N/A  | N/A |


## V. Action Items
| Done? | Item | Responsible  | Due Date  | Description  |
| ----- | ---- | ------------ | --------- | --------- |
| ✔️   | CI/CD Pipeline phase 1 | Alan/Edward | 5-16-2021  | All tasks due on that date |
|    | Meet with TA about backend | Evan/Daisuke| 5-16-2021  | Meet with TA to discuss virtualization/data layer in further depth, he needs more information|
|    | Meet with TA about fullcalendar| Kenny | 5-16-2021  | Meet with TA to discuss our plans for fullcalendar so he can make sure it's ok |
|    | Get Demo ready | Everyone| 5-17-2021  | Get something we can demo done before next week's discussion |
|    | Finish MVP | Everyone | 5-24-2021  | Finish the MVP of our BuJo by end of next week |

## VI. Other Notes & Information
- Overall in a good position still but we need to keep going
###### Future discussion items...
- Assigning development tasks to team members
- Use of staging branch in pipeline
- Full calendar API
